Subtitles by DramaFever
Let go of my hand.
Did it bother you,
when you're not even interested in me?
Are you upset about me rejecting you?
I'd be crazy not to be!
So you really were serious, huh?
And you really didn't  think
much of it, did you?
You really have to have
the last word, don't you?
You really won't ever let me
have the last word, will you?
I'll make this clear.
I'm not the type to keep trying my
luck with a woman who rejected me.
I like that.
Follow me.
Why are we here?
Give me your cell phone.
You have to unlock it for me.
Oh, so you actually know how to
use a cell phone, eh?
You're speaking informally to me again.
How's this one?
What do you mean?
Is this one an okay one to dance to?
Why are you talking about
dancing all of the sudden?
Practice the dance you'll be dancing
when you win.
You're so crazy!
You mean, you haven't
gone crazy yet?
How do you expect to succeed
without being crazy?
Who says that I'm not crazy?
I'm crazy too!
I'm crazy!
But dancing is off-limits.
Geez.
This is my place.
I have to keep heading up
that way.
Goodbye, then.
And thank you for today.
For what?
What was I thankful for, again?
I'll be going now.
You made me feel better.
Head inside already.
I'm not going in!
[Temperature of Love]
[Episode 3]
Hey.
Hey!
How can you possibly be
sleeping right now?
You're not a person.
You're a beast.
Hey, hey, wake up already!
You're so pathetic.
How can you sleep, when you
didn't win the competition?
If it were me, I would've bitten
my tongue and killed myself.
Bitch.
Where are you going? You have
to make breakfast and go to work!
Don't you feel bad for spending all the
money I make while you have fun?
Even worms squirm
if you step on them.
I want rice!
Geez, there isn't any.
Hey!
Be careful! You're going
to get garbage on me!
What?
Ugh, why does the garbage drop-off
point have to be in front of our house?
Because this spot is the most convenient
for everyone in the neighborhood.
If only an ambassador
lived here, or something.
They wouldn't have even dreamed
of putting something like this here.
They call that the "not in my backyard"
kind of thinking.
Even if it may be a bit
inconvenient for us
you have to think of what's best
for the entire neighborhood...
They call that the "not in my backyard"
kind of thinking.
How dare you try to educate me?
This is why you keep
losing the competition.
How are you going to
write anything good
when you know nothing
about people's feelings?
You need a good smacking.
I've been holding back
for a really long time now.
I accepted all the insults you threw
at me because I couldn't pay the bills.
But not anymore.
What are you going to do, then?
I know you.
And what you fear the most, too.
What?
What other people think of you,
and maintaining your dignity!
Well, prepare to lose it all today!
Hey, hey, hey!
Let go!
Hey, stop it! Hey, come on!
All right, I'll stop!
People are watching!
Good, because I'm doing this
for them to watch.
Hello, this is my younger sister
and she's a teacher!
- Why, you little...
- Ow! Ow!
- Hey, let go.
- You let go first!
- Hey, let go! Let go!
- Ow! Ow!
You're supposed to be
my older sister!
You're supposed
to be the older one!
So why did you go
and piss me off, huh?
I'm not scared of anything!
I don't care if people stare...
Hello.
This is my younger sister.
- Oh.
- Hey!
I guess you two have a special way of
expressing your love toward each other?
Oh, I love her more.
Like, violently.
Oh.
Well, I'll be going now.
All right, let's get everything
ready for service!
- Yes, Chef!
Did you check on the batter?
Of course. I just need three more
servings of potato purée.
Mr. Sung Hwan!
Please get ready to make purée
after prepping for lunch service.
All right.
Why are you so giddy?
Looks like you're over the moon about
your sole meuniere being a success.
You need more sole too, right?
I've finished prepping
the ones for dinner.
And I'll stop taking orders
when we run out of sole.
I got all of the fresh sole
from the fish market.
What's so delicious about that
tasteless thing?
Wow, people have
really weird taste.
Mr. Ohn Jung Seon!
It's a gift, and the sender
is the VVIP!
Hurry up and open it!
What kind of job does
the VVIP have?
He's a very rich businessman.
Hey, stay out of this.
What are those?
Are those truffles?
- These are worth over a million won!
- What?
What do you mean, one million?
It's at least two million!
This guy is gay.
One hundred present.
Why else would he give another
man such an expensive gift?
Well, maybe because
the food was good.
What do you mean, it was good!
Hey, are you going to
eat those by yourself?
Where is he?
Excuse me!
I'd usually accept gifts, but...
this is way too much.
A gift is supposed to be a reflection
of a person's feelings.
And my feelings exceed that.
I'm your fan.
I'm going to leave it here.
Are you afraid of being loved?
Are you teasing me?
Do my honest feelings
sound like a joke to you?
Ugh, hearing that makes me cringe.
Why are you acting this way?
It does make me cringe a bit too.
If I have something
that I think would suit
someone else a lot better
I can't keep it for myself
because I keep thinking
of that person.
That sounds weird and
makes me cringe too.
This is weird. Why do I keep saying
things I say when I'm seducing women?
My name is Park Jung Woo.
What's your name?
You don't even know my name, and
yet you gave me such a lavish gift?
These are my feelings.
Chefs usually love getting
ingredients as gifts.
But I guess you don't.
I only said that it was too much.
I never said I didn't like it.
Being aggressive toward someone being
kind to you means one of two things.
Either you really like them,
or really dislike them.
My name is Ohn Jung Seon.
Ohn? That's an actual last name?
You know, like General Ohn Dal.
Oh, are you one of Ohn Dal's
descendants, then?
I'm a Gyeongju Ohn, and I'm
Ohn Goon Hye's descendant.
They were killed by Empress Jindeok
during the Shilla Era.
They died at the hands of a Goguryeo
soldier, instead of King Taejong.
They'd been on their way back from
following King Taejong to China.
This is only the kind of thing you'd be
hearing if you lived with your grandpa.
Did you live with your grandfather?
No, but he loved me quite a bit.
I'm an only child, and the eldest son.
They must have been opposed to you
pursuing the culinary arts then
saying that it was no job for a man.
My father was against it.
But my grandfather was always on my side.
And he was hard on my dad.
Do you like me, or something?
Why are you telling me about yourself?
Are you the type to talk about yourself
a lot to people you've just met?
I don't like careless
people like that.
Do you know that you're a bit strange?
I'm serious about this.
I know.
Look at the business card
I gave to you.
"On Entertainment."
For 10 years
I'd planned on using that name when
I opened an entertainment company.
Always stay on.
On!
But as soon as I heard
the name "Ohn Jung Seon"
I feel like I've lost.
Why?
Oh!
I probably won't be able
to win against him.
Why not?
Is it because I have "Ohn"
in my name?
Bingo!
I'd like for us to be friends.
Do you have any thoughts of
opening your own restaurant?
I'd be interested in investing.
You really do get ahead of
yourself a lot.
Thank you for enjoying my cooking.
All right, that'll be all for today.
All right, then.
Wait!
Can you please do me
a favor...
and accept this?
- Hyun Soo.
- Huh?
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you be on the set?
And the director is here.
Hello!
Yep.
It looks like he's in a really bad mood.
Why aren't you guys out shooting?
He says that he can't shoot
with that script.
Oh my gosh!
Does Writer Park know?
Hey, Joon Ha!
This isn't the time for you to be
chitchatting. Get over here!
Yes, sir!
With lavender and crushed berries...
Make potato purée.
The youngest cook said
he'd do it, though.
You do it. Since when have
you been a stickler for rules?
But making him prep ingredients
helps him grow as a cook.
Just do as I say! You're in
no position to be training people!
Excuse me!
Hey, Jung Seon.
Hello, I'm Choi Won Joon,
Jung Seon's senior.
Hey, why do people keep
coming to look for you here?
Do you drink a lot of
alcohol, by any chance?
Why?
Because you seem
a bit jaundiced.
Just a moment.
Don't worry.
I'm a doctor.
You get dark circles and really severe
fatigue if you push yourself, right?
Huh? Um, yes.
Is... something wrong with me?
I don't think your liver is
doing very well.
My liver...
my liver!
It could just be temporary fatigue
but you should go to a doctor
if you want to know for sure.
Oh... all right!
- Thank you.
- It's nothing.
Goodbye!
Is he really sick?
Oh, as if.
I just said that since I figured that
he's the type to drink a lot.
Are you seriously worried for him?
He was being so mean to you, though.
They are separate matters.
Want me to hit him for you?
If I were going to tell you to do that,
I would've already done it myself!
How are your knife skills so good?
- This is so easy... ow!
- Hey!
Are you okay?
This always happens when
I'm trying to show off.
Karma really loves me.
So, there's no such thing
as karma, huh?
Didn't you tell me that you'd show us how
a nice guy would get revenge?
And I'm showing you, Director.
If he takes crampons and scratches up
the other guy's face with them
it'll be no different than
other revenge dramas!
I didn't know you were like this, but
you have a violent side to you, huh?
It's not that I'm violent.
That's just how human nature is!
And I'm doing a faithful
depiction of that!
So are you saying that you're
going to go with this, then?
I mean, um...
Joon Ha, say what you
told me before.
What?
You mean, how I said
that it wasn't entertaining?
Ow! What are you doing?
What do you mean?
Writer Park.
Remember what we talked about
when we first began?
We said the theme would be, "a person's
character will never become corrupted!"
You said that you'd show me how
a good guy would prevail!
So, what is this? Why did you give up
on what you said you'd do?
To be honest, that's still
kind of the theme, but...
It does seem that there's some
unpleasantness in the script
so I'll change it.
Wow, you're good.
I told you, my original dream
was to become a chef.
So why didn't you want to
do it anymore?
My parents said no.
My dad's dream
is for all three of his sons
to open clinics in the same building.
So you decided that your dream would
be to make your dad's dream come true?
Come to think of it,
you're right.
Well, that's nice, too.
No matter what your dream is,
you need to make it come true.
Are you happy about you doing what you
want while I'm stuck with my dad's dream?
Just don't do it, then.
Yeah, all I have to do
is not do it!
But that's easier said than done!
I'm the eldest grandson
of the eldest son in my family.
And they're in Andong.
Do you think it was easy for me?
It's because you only think but
don't act that it's hard.
Really?
Wow, you're so amazing, you punk!
Stop it! Ow!
- Ow!
- You okay?
Are you coming to Seoul this weekend?
No. I only came today
because I have the day off.
It's Hong Ah.
I like her, but I'm nothing
more than a nameless weed to her.
A nameless weed.
Not even a wildflower, but a weed.
I wonder what a nameless
weed tastes like.
I wonder if they're okay to eat?
I'm talking about my love life,
but you're talking about cooking?
[Scene 15: Inside the Lawyer's Office]
I'm coming out of the courthouse now.
"Kyung Soo goes outside."
Hm, what does he do
after going outside?
I didn't order this.
You must be a writer.
No, not yet.
Are you submitting work to
SBC Broadcasting Station?
My uncle is a PD at SBC.
Oh, really?
I can introduce you to him
if you want to.
What are you doing?
I asked you what you're doing!
Can't you tell?
No, I mean, why are you leaving?
We were having such a good time!
Hey, when was I ever
having a good time with you?
How dare you worm your way in here
after only buying me one drink?
What?
Hey!
You're the one who
flirted with me first!
You were working on "Kyung Soo
goes outside" for two hours.
Ugh, you asshole!
Ugh!
You bought it, so you can have it.
Ugh... ugh!
Geez.
Writer Park.
Did you see the director out?
Yeah. Why are you out here?
Just because.
What the director said is similar
to what I wanted to say.
It's the same thing I wanted
to say to all of you before
but he's just expressing it
in a different way, is all.
I see.
Hello, Writer Park!
Oh, Hong Ah!
What brings you here?
I can never get in touch with Hyun Soo
and she's always busy
so I came to see her instead!
Aren't you taking advantage
of her too much?
Is that what you go around
telling people?
That it's hard because
I'm taking advantage of you?
- No, Writer Park!
I'm just kidding!
It's just that she works so hard
that I came to cheer her on.
Of course you need to be
saying that.
You're the one who introduced her to me.
I trusted you when
I hired her.
My uncle praises your work a lot.
He said that there isn't a more
skilled writer in this genre.
Thanks.
Ugh, I really need to hear
encouraging things nowadays.
Oh, you can go now since Hong Ah is here.
No, it's okay.
If you need to make changes...
I don't need you here.
I have the other girls.
It was nice seeing you again.
Go and have a good time
with Hyun Soo.
Yes, Writer Park.
Thank you!
Did something happen?
Geez, how scary.
She looked really angry.
Things may suck now, but
endure it until the end!
It'll be so embarrassing
if you're fired.
There won't be any place for you to go
if you're fired as an assistant writer.
I'm going to head inside.
You can't go in there now!
But you told me to endure!
She'll be more annoyed
if you hang around.
Just take a breather
before you go back in there.
You sure do know a lot.
This is why you need me.
Do you know that?
I do.
But do you know what it is
that I need right now?
Wow, this is awesome!
Are you happy?
Yeah!
Look around me!
I have to be vigilant until the end.
Fall for my charms!
Thanks to you,
I feel so much better.
I feel a bit better now, too.
Were you in a bad mood?
Yeah.
Why, are things not going well
with that lawyer?
He's always trying to show off
how smart he is
and he's only polished
on the outside.
Is it that guy?
[Lawyer]
Why did you put him in under his
occupation, and not his name?
There are tons of lawyers.
Only the best guys
earn the right to be listed in
my phone under their name.
Why does it sound like
you're a bit lonely to me?
You really do know me well.
I really like you!
Geez, what's this, all of the sudden?
All my friends tell me that my problems
are non-issues.
They dismiss them, since I don't
have to worry about working.
They treat me like an idiot.
But the issue with you is that
you think too much.
Yeah.
That's why I'll become a writer,
no matter what!
I'll become a writer,
and show them!
It's not like being a writer
is an amazing job.
At the very least, my family
will be impressed.
My family likes writers.
My family doesn't, though.
Why did I end up doing a job
that rich people like?
All right, I'll be giving you
the full course today!
Oh, I'm totally down!
[DF Ver] E03 Temperature of Love
"I'd Like to Serve You Some Food"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why are you getting out?
Go.
Hyun Soo!
I don't want to
part ways with you!
Oh, you.
Oh, Hyun Yi!
Ugh, how ridiculous.
Awesome.
Sorry.
Go on!
Bye!
I thought you were going on a diet.
Is it okay for you to eat that?
My blood sugar got low because
I saw something gross.
Are you two dating?
Why were you hugging her?
Do you like her more than your
real younger sister?
There you go again.
Hey, Sister.
I had a really exhausting
day today, okay?
Why didn't you open this?
They delivered it to the wrong address.
Looks like there's another
idiot like you in this neighborhood.
[To: Ohn Jung Seon]
Why are you touching
someone else's stuff?
Call the package company tomorrow
and tell them to pick it up.
But then it'll take him
another week to get the package.
You're so nosy.
Why do you care if he
has to wait or not?
Yeah, exactly.
Why do you care?
[Email]
When are you going to write back,
Mr. Alain Passard?
[You have a new note.]
[From Ji Hong Ah]
What's your address?
Why?
89-4.
7... 4. 8.
49.
It's probably further up.
Oh!
Why are you outside?
Did you know I was coming?
I just had a feeling that
you'd come by today.
You're impatient, after all.
You're right.
I was just going to drop it off.
I can't believe they wrote the
address wrong. I'm sorry.
53, 35! Anyone could've
made that mistake.
I'll be going now, then.
Um, I want to serve you something!
There's no need.
I guess it could seem uncomfortable
if you consider me a man.
Wow, you...
You hold grudges,
and tease me!
You think I'll come inside
just because you said that?
Wow!
It seems like a completely
different world here.
Wow, what a great view!
The view was the most important thing
to me when I was apartment hunting.
Do you own this place?
No, it's a long-term lease.
Stay here. I'll bring
out some drinks.
Oh yeah, what did you order?
I saw that it was from France.
Oh yeah, you're an avid
fan of "Curiosity Heaven."
It's saffron and cardamom.
My friend sent them to me.
You cook at home too?
Most people don't bring their work
home with them, so to speak.
Don't most chefs not cook at home?
Well, I do.
Geez, you're so stubborn.
Um, do you have any sweet pumpkins?
I want one all of the sudden.
- No, I don't.
- Oh.
But don't you worry.
I have something really amazing.
That person may be good-looking,
but has no charisma. (In Japanese)
I don't think he'd be a good
fit for our group.
Understood.
I'll keep looking.
Thanks for your hard work.
Bye.
You're starting over, Park Jung Woo.
You'll win.
Because you've always won.
What is that?
It's a truffle.
These don't grow at all in Korea.
And even in France, they grow so far
underground that they're hard to harvest.
Wow, it must be super expensive, then.
Do your parents own a large
conglomerate, by any chance?
No. I got them as a gift.
It must be nice to receive
such expensive gifts.
But, can I ask you one thing?
You can ask me many things.
It's kind of a sensitive
topic, though.
How much do you make per month?
Just so you know, I make 800,000
per month. There, I told you first.
1.5 million won.
Psh.
You make more than me,
even though I'm older than you.
But still, can you maintain this kind
of lifestyle with that salary?
If I use it all, then yes.
Oh, so you're bad at budgeting, huh?
No, I'm actually amazing at it.
But I decided that now is the time to
spend money instead of saving it.
Since when were you
so shrewd?
Since I was 15, after
my parents got divorced.
Here.
We will now commence with the enjoyment
of these rare and expensive truffles.
My thanks to the one who
gave these to you.
Hm.
I've never tasted anything
like this before.
I bet it doesn't
taste that good.
So it's not just me, right?
It's a really unique taste
but I didn't want it
to be obvious that my
palate isn't refined
so I went a bit overboard.
It didn't taste that good.
This will probably taste
different, though.
Wow, that's good!
Clink!
Hm.
Oh, this reminds me of
when we were dating.
Did we do things like this
when we were dating?
We did this!
Nope.
Do you want me to
make you remember
how it actually was back then,
Mr. Lee Min Jae?
Wait, Honey!
Honey!
What are you doing?
People can see us.
Do you realize now that you're
not remembering things correctly?
Yeah.
This really brings me back.
What are you doing?
You always talk so much
at moments like these.
Why did you do that?
How dare you go parading around
with someone else's man?
Does your husband know that
you go around doing this?
This is my husband!
Ugh, the cheaters are
always great at lying.
Let's go, Honey.
What do you mean? If we just leave now,
she'll really think we're cheaters!
Wow, "Honey"?
Ugh, you disgusting vermin!
Ah!
Stop it!
(Episode 4 will air shortly.)
Subtitles by DramaFever